I'm max here at the Crystal fishing
repair workshop again and I have an
excel 651 today we're gonna show you how
to install and use your yma yard line
which comes in this box these would be
in a bag but as you can see I've already
installed it these are just a bunch of
reducers if you have a smaller raagh you
know and they have the number on the
inside so you can match up the two and
kind of fit it to your rod if the line
counter is too thick for your rod so
I've put my inserts here that are
matching with the numbers and I'm ready
to drop so what you want to do is you
want to start off by putting the line
under the the loop here and you're gonna
work it around the top and then through
the bottom I'm gonna pull the line tight
over here alright and another thing you
want to make sure is you're gonna start
with this black spinner here and you're
just gonna spin it until all the numbers
line up to zero and you're nice and
aligned now the good thing about this
line counter is that you can use it to
drop and to retrieve your line however
if you do have a big fish and you want
to reduce the friction on your line you
can easily just grab the line on loop it
and when the line is tight it'll just
glide right over the line counter so
let's go ahead and put that back in
there and put that back in here so I can
show you how to how it counts alright
looped up when they raise your this year
it kind of got messed up alright we're
here all on zero right here now the way
this works is the red numbers would be
the decimal of a whole yard so the yards
are being counted over here and these
are just you know the fraction of the
arc so I'm gonna have my partner here
pull out some line and we can watch this
thing count so there goes one two point
eight yards
right there we've hit two yards about to
hit three there's three yards so those
are your full yards like I said all
right so we're just gonna pull out a
little bit more line once we're at about
five yards so we're fine here we have
five point 62 yards out and that's how
much that's how you know how much line
you have out you know so you know how
long it took you to get to the bottom or
whatever kind of fishing you're trying
to do and like I said once you have a
big fish on if you want to reduce the
friction you have on your line so it can
run through there guys a little bit
easier just grab your line on loop it
from the line counter and when your line
comes tight it'll glide freely over the
line counter it won't be in your way or
anything like that and you can retrieve
it with the line counter on but with a
bigger fish I recommend you take it off
so that's you know again how to put it
on from the bottom you're gonna work
your way from the top and then it's
gonna end up on the bottom where you're
looping it only once and to easy roll
like I said again you're gonna start
with the black knob on this side and
you're just gonna twist it now your
numbers will eventually start hitting
zero and you're ready to do another
dropper retriever whatever it is you're
about to do and that's how you use it
also if you like my shirt because it's
awesome you know it is awesome you can
buy them here at the Crystal workshop we
have them in dry fit or calm